alienation
Are you not feeling well?
Why did you come here with Young Master Lu?
Mrs. Mu doesn't even recognize her own children
He is not Mushu
Ah, sweet.
These two kids look so alike
I got it wrong.
Is it a mistake?
Mrs. Mu knows better than anyone else
I called you two over today
Because I have something to tell you
My engagement with Mo Shuyu
Cancel Mr. Lu
Do you not want to be responsible?
In our hands
It's your baby in your belly.
You call off the engagement now
Is it undocumented against the Lu family?
Now that Mrs. Mu has brought this up
I just happen to have something to tell you all
Is the child of Mu Comb and Vice Zhuang mine?
Presumably the two
There is no definite answer in my heart
I don't know what that means
Don't worry, I'll have a lady in charge
How much did you force our family to get out of prison?
Let him suspect who is dizzy
There's no hardship around this child when you get out of prison
Some people still slander him like this
too deep